i am at the fisherman i am 30 years old the doctor have a child
I am in Germany since seven years and Komax Turkmenistan that
is on the Caspian Sea
I was glad when the puck bounced he stopped
and that does not drive me anymore exists in the Civic Room world since I sent
always wanted to choose this profession and my feelings
can pee
and that was a geriatric nurse
in Germany
now also in the families
the desire of the family or Turkish family and give it to him
even her parents in nursing homes and then of course, if she smells her plus
Tischer Altenpflegerin goes to the Russian Place Health and then
maybe he will trust many more
Lately there are critical ones
all the holidays they have in this profession are working with drug problems
but that's not going to make such people even ruin their citizens
such chiefs rent
Storage SGi cents he became a feature film and we also learn in the
School child Petersch work that means they should be in the way of ours
congratulations
Nikkei falls in this Below umgarnt with the people
my family found that the code that I have chosen this occupation
because I can bring in mine earlier
and of course there's disease are only the people driving in Menzingen counterattack
as Reimer and they can not understand
For example, these deal with the people and then they forget some time
but dino old healthy people
You can get a lot of data from Udo and sugar many of them learn as well
on the edge
I think France is better
because
is there this change?
I'm with the Bernese
because patients and then on the go Untermeitingen thereby become other there
and not every day the same Rios to Sundays different people different
employment
I imagine that later I work in the outpatient nursing service because there
flexible working hours and so much free time for me and me for the
Familys
Worked cards for 1 temporary help with an outpatient service
and then I had to be dependent on a specialist because I was allowed
do not do some things alone
and that's why I am
in Sweden for training for this knowledge
to be independent of someone
and be qualified in my job
this he was on dax-end at 3
we learn so much anatomy
Drugs Thielke Rtg where would ask our knowledge in Butare
those who stepped in the school know we improve and boost rock
I am very satisfied with the training
and when I get home, I do not feel like a girl like that
that is confident and formal all day
and I'm still in a good mood you do something like that there are in there
School lives
this corridor is reduced